Fixed a couple of inconsistencies and typos in the API docs (#59)
InjectiveLabs/docs: source/includes/_examples.md

→ The account's available balance is decremented by `3,000 USDT + Taker Fee = 3,006 USDT`.

> Upon matching with a resting sell order with price of `2000 USDT` the new account balances are calculated as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon matching with a resting sell order with price of `2,000 USDT` the new account balances are calculated as:
```

- Market Sell Order:

  - `Quantity = 1 ETH`
  - `Worst Price = 1,500 USDT`

→ The account's available balance is decremented by `1 ETH`.

> Upon matching the with a resting sell order with price of `2000 USDT` new account balances are calculated as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon matching the with a resting sell order with price of `2,000 USDT` new account balances are calculated as:
```

- `Trading Fee = 1 * 2,000 * 0.002 = 4 USDT`
- `Debit Amount = 1 ETH`

> - `Credit Amount = 1 * 2,000 - 4 = 1996 USDT`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Credit Amount = 1 * 2,000 - 4 = 1,996 USDT`
```
